Update linting recommendations for TypeScript (#94)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: pull-requests/code-reviews/recipes/TypeScript.md

# TypeScript Code Reviews

TypeScript projects should have linting configured, and should refuse PR's that do not comply with
the project's linting standard.

## Setting up [ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/about/)

Per guidance outlined in [Palantir's 2019 TSLint roadmap](https://medium.com/palantir/tslint-in-2019-1a144c2317a9),
TypeScript code should be linted with [ESLint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint). Resources for
linting TypeScript code with ESLint can be found in the [typescript-eslint](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint)
repository.

To [install and configure linting with ESLint](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/tree/master/docs/getting-started/linting),
install the following dependencies:

```bash

> npm i -D eslint @typescript-eslint/parser @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Install as a dev-dependency
npm install -D eslint @typescript-eslint/parser @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin
```

```

Add a `.eslintrc.js` to the root of your project:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  root: true,
  parser: '@typescript-eslint/parser',
  plugins: [
    '@typescript-eslint',
  ],
  extends: [
    'eslint:recommended',
    'plugin:@typescript-eslint/eslint-recommended',

>     'plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended',

Reviewer: Why so many recommendations?

Author: This is the `eslintrc` recommended by [`typescript-eslint`'s getting started](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/tree/master/docs/getting-started/linting#configuration), welcome to suggestions here

  ],
};
```

Add a `.eslintignore` with files & folders to omit:

```ignore
# don't ever lint node_modules

> node_modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`node_modules` are never included in eslint

# don't lint build output
dist
# don't lint nyc coverage
coverage

> ```

Reviewer: A better (default) solution might be to point the `--ignore-path` to the project's `.gitignore` file as explained here: https://eslint.org/docs/2.13.1/user-guide/configuring#using-an-alternate-file
